Update history.rst with changes from #68 (#74)
VulcanClimateModeling/fv3config: HISTORY.rst

------

Minor changes:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Added the flag ``--mca btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism none to mpirun in fv3run`` to mpirun in fv3run
* Add ReadTheDocs configuration file
* Do not require output dir and fv3config to be remote in ``run_kubernetes``
* Fix bug when submitting k8s jobs with images that have an "_" in them

> Breaking changes

Reviewer: We've been putting these under "Major changes" in fv3gfs-python, but I don't object to this heading.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Refactored run_kuberentes and run_docker to call run_native via serializing

Reviewer: `run_kubernetes`

Author: done

> * Refactored run_kuberentes and run_docker to call run_native via serializing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Refactored run_kubernetes and run_docker to call run_native via a new API serializing
```

>   their args/kwargs as json strings. While no API changes occured, the

Reviewer: API changes did occur, even if the run_native api change was backwards-compatible. A new API was introduced for run_native, and run_kubernetes and run_docker were modified to rely on the new API. Could add "via a new API serializing" above and remove "While no API changes occurred" here.

>   their args/kwargs as json strings. While no API changes occured, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  their args/kwargs as json strings. The
```
